# Rust API for openapi_client

No description provided (generated by Openapi Generator https://github.com/openapitools/openapi-generator)

## Overview

This client/server was generated by the [openapi-generator]
(https://openapi-generator.tech) project.  By using the
[OpenAPI-Spec](https://github.com/OAI/OpenAPI-Specification) from a remote
server, you can easily generate a server stub.

To see how to make this your own, look here:

[README]((https://openapi-generator.tech))

- API version: 1.0
- Build date: 2023-05-03T17:15:21.659752Z[Etc/UTC]



This autogenerated project defines an API crate `openapi_client` which contains:
* An `Api` trait defining the API in Rust.
* Data types representing the underlying data model.
* A `Client` type which implements `Api` and issues HTTP requests for each operation.
* A router which accepts HTTP requests and invokes the appropriate `Api` method for each operation.

It also contains an example server and client which make use of `openapi_client`:

* The example server starts up a web server using the `openapi_client`
    router, and supplies a trivial implementation of `Api` which returns failure
    for every operation.
* The example client provides a CLI which lets you invoke
    any single operation on the `openapi_client` client by passing appropriate
    arguments on the command line.

You can use the example server and client as a basis for your own code.
See below for [more detail on implementing a server](#writing-a-server).

## Examples

Run examples with:

```
cargo run --example <example-name>
```

To pass in arguments to the examples, put them after `--`, for example:

```
cargo run --example client -- --help
```

### Running the example server
To run the server, follow these simple steps:

```
cargo run --example server
```

### Running the example client
To run a client, follow one of the following simple steps:

```
cargo run --example client WargFetchLogs
cargo run --example client WargGetPackage
cargo run --example client WargGetPackageRecord
cargo run --example client WargPublishPackage
cargo run --example client WargFetchCheckpoint
cargo run --example client WargProveConsistency
cargo run --example client WargProveInclusion
```

### HTTPS
The examples can be run in HTTPS mode by passing in the flag `--https`, for example:

```
cargo run --example server -- --https
```

This will use the keys/certificates from the examples directory. Note that the
server chain is signed with `CN=localhost`.

## Using the generated library

The generated library has a few optional features that can be activated through Cargo.

* `server`
    * This defaults to enabled and creates the basic skeleton of a server implementation based on hyper
    * To create the server stack you'll need to provide an implementation of the API trait to provide the server function.
* `client`
    * This defaults to enabled and creates the basic skeleton of a client implementation based on hyper
    * The constructed client implements the API trait by making remote API call.
* `conversions`
    * This defaults to disabled and creates extra derives on models to allow "transmogrification" between objects of structurally similar types.

See https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/reference/manifest.html#the-features-section for how to use features in your `Cargo.toml`.

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *http://localhost*

Method | HTTP request | Description
------------- | ------------- | -------------
[**Warg_FetchLogs**](docs/logs_api.md#Warg_FetchLogs) | **POST** /logs/fetch | Fetches logs for a requested package.
[**Warg_GetPackage**](docs/package_api.md#Warg_GetPackage) | **GET** /package/{packageId} | Used for polling while package is being in the processed of publishing.
[**Warg_GetPackageRecord**](docs/package_api.md#Warg_GetPackageRecord) | **GET** /package/{packageId}/records/{recordId} | Get a specific record within a package.
[**Warg_PublishPackage**](docs/package_api.md#Warg_PublishPackage) | **POST** /package | Request that a new package be published.
[**Warg_FetchCheckpoint**](docs/warg_api.md#Warg_FetchCheckpoint) | **POST** /checkpoint/fetch | Fetches logs for a root.
[**Warg_ProveConsistency**](docs/warg_api.md#Warg_ProveConsistency) | **POST** /prove/consistency | Proves consistency between an old root and a new one.
[**Warg_ProveInclusion**](docs/warg_api.md#Warg_ProveInclusion) | **POST** /prove/inclusion | Proves inclusion between a log and a map.


## Documentation For Models

 - [ProtobufAny](docs/ProtobufAny.md)
 - [RpcStatus](docs/RpcStatus.md)
 - [V1ContentSource](docs/V1ContentSource.md)
 - [V1ContentSourceKind](docs/V1ContentSourceKind.md)
 - [V1DynHash](docs/V1DynHash.md)
 - [V1Envelope](docs/V1Envelope.md)
 - [V1FetchCheckpointResponse](docs/V1FetchCheckpointResponse.md)
 - [V1FetchLogsResponse](docs/V1FetchLogsResponse.md)
 - [V1GetPackageResponse](docs/V1GetPackageResponse.md)
 - [V1HashAlgorithm](docs/V1HashAlgorithm.md)
 - [V1HttpAnonymousContentSource](docs/V1HttpAnonymousContentSource.md)
 - [V1LogLeaf](docs/V1LogLeaf.md)
 - [V1MapCheckpoint](docs/V1MapCheckpoint.md)
 - [V1Package](docs/V1Package.md)
 - [V1PackageRecordId](docs/V1PackageRecordId.md)
 - [V1PackageStatusCode](docs/V1PackageStatusCode.md)
 - [V1ProveConsistencyResponse](docs/V1ProveConsistencyResponse.md)
 - [V1ProveInclusionResponse](docs/V1ProveInclusionResponse.md)
 - [V1PublishPackageResponse](docs/V1PublishPackageResponse.md)
 - [V1Record](docs/V1Record.md)


## Documentation For Authorization
 Endpoints do not require authorization.


## Author



